== The Ruby Based Ruby Resume' Generator
This is a fun little project for defining your resume in Ruby.  You say your a Rubyist, but is your resume written in a DSL?  I didn't think so!  Using the Ruby Resume' Generator, you too can be a total geek!

== Example
# ruby_coder.rb
class RubyCoder 
  include Resume
  contact :email => %w(ruby coder net), :phone => %w(800 444 3333)
  attended "XYZU", :in => "Gemology", :with => "PHD", :graduated => "1999"
  worked :at => "Gem Cutting, Inc.", :description => "cut all kinds of rubies", :position => "cuter", :tenure => 2008
  built %w(ruby-cuts.tv)
  using %w(ruby haml datamapper)
  practicing %w(agile bdd juggling)
  story %w(I'm a ruby coder of some skill and whatnot.  You should hire be because I'm cool.)
end

Then, with this gem installed you can pop out a slick little resume'

> resume ruby_coder.rb

                                   Ruby Coder                                   
                         ruby@coder.net   800.444.3333                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  Attended XYZU Gemology for PHD
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     Worked at Gem Cutting, Inc. as a cuter 2008
cut all kinds of rubies                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                           Sites
ruby-cuts.tv                                                                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    Technologies
ruby - haml - datamapper                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       Practices
agile - bdd - juggling                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I'm a ruby coder of some skill and whatnot. You should hire be because I'm cool.

You can also write a PDF file by supplying the -pdf parameter

> resume examples/ruby_coder.rb -pdf
Printing PDF to RubyCoder.pdf

== Notes
Feel free to leave any and all of the various sections out.  You can call most methods multiple times and the data
will simply get added to the list of items.

If you want a different format, feel free to hack away.  If you can't you probably shouldn't be using this anyway.